---
aliases:
  - 2025-12-09
  - 12/09/2025
location: Sacramento, CA
date_and_time: 2025-12-09T00:00:00
yearly_note: "2025"
week_with_day: W50.2
multi_year: 12-09
categories: journal
tags:
---

# Journal Entry for Tuesday, December 9th, 2025

Slept relatively early last night 10:26 PM. Woke up at 6:23 AM. Left the house by 6:43 AM and was able to get to the 59th Street Station (WB) with 2 minutes to spare for the 6:52 AM train.

At work I was Googling ways to analyze open-ended survey questions with Python using Natural Language Processing (NLP) techniques to extract insights from unstructured text [nltk: Natural Language Toolkit](https://www.nltk.org/) (a leading platform for building Python programs to work with human language data) and [TextBlob](https://textblob.readthedocs.io/en/dev/) (a Python library for processing textual data) libraries/modules to be helpful with Pandas and Jupyter Notebook to be very helpful.

Was locked in... Did not participate in our group's \"Annual Gluttony\" holiday event; where, we are to bring our favorite treat/dish to share as well as our appetite.

The kind [[heather-demesa|Heather deMesa]] at 9:21 AM Microsoft Teams Chat me the following:

"Hi Matt! I decided to do something a little different this year and let you choose your own gift(s)! Because everyone has different preferences, there's some fresh baked focaccia (from this morning!), Bath & Body Works foaming soap, and Trader Joe's reusable bags to choose from. Please choose between 0-3 items! Items are located in the cube next to [[tifani-grimes|Tifani Grimes]]. Because I have limited bowls and only 1 oven, I plan on bringing in another 3-4 loaves of sourdough bread in on Thursday and then a mixture of bread/focaccia next Monday. Happy Holidays!"

Of the 4, baked fresh this morning, focaccia bread shown in the picture she shared 3 were left by the time I left to get one. I've shared and expressed to her that it was very kind of her and that "it would bother me to no end if I take something without sharing the same care and appreciation in kind"; so, I'm now on the hunt to find something nice for Heather this holiday season.

11:30 AM [[shawna-fong|Shawna Fong]] came to my cube to invite me to head down with her to the Information Technology Service Branch (ITSB) Holiday Gathering. She, Shawna, and I went down to pick up our “Burrito Meal Deal”. At the event I sat with [[michelle-lawson|Michelle Lawson]], [[joy-guzman|Joy Guzman]], [[grant-shennen|Grant Shennen]], [[frank-hench|Frank Hench]], [[shawna-fong|Shawna Fong]], [[ken-ballew|Ken Ballew]], [[stephanie-yun|Stephanie Yun]], [[heather-demesa|Heather deMesa]], [[jennifer-birdsong|Jennifer (Jenn) Birdsong]].

The department chairs Technology Business Management Division’s (TBMD) [[michelle-lawson|Michelle Lawson]]; Technology Infrastructure Services Division’s (TISD) [[jagmeet-bhinder|Jagmeet Bhinder]]; and Enterprise Solutions Development Division’s (ESDD) own [[vikram-katyal|Vikram Katyal]].

And the Executive Officers joining in on the fun by being wrapped in gift wrapping and accessories assisted by brave colleagues and peers; rapping parodied versions of songs referring IT work and CalPERS featuring [[michelle-lawson|Michelle Lawson]] doing a version of Not Like Us by Kendrick Lamar and Chief Technology Officer [[stephenson-loveson|Stephenson Loveson]] rapping in tune to Coolio’s Gangsta's Paradise.

## People Present

- [[scott-haycock|Scott Haycock]]
