---
aliases:
  - 2025-12-03
  - December 3, 2025
  - 12/03/2025
date_and_time: 2025-12-03T15:42:21
yearly_note: "2025"
week_with_day: W49.3
multi_year: 12-03
categories: journal
tags:
---

# Journal Entry for Wednesday, December 3rd, 2025

Wednesday, December 3, 2025 3:42 PM

<!-- Reflect on the day - End-of-day phrase: "Shutdown complete"
- What did I learn today?
- What stood out as important?
-->

Left the house at 6:46 AM. The train left just as I got to the 59th Street Station at 6:53 AM, so I had to wait 15 minutes for the 7:07 AM train. From the 8th and Capitol stop I walked (15 minutes) to work - arrived at 7:38 AM.

Invited out to coffee by Eduardo (Ed) Aranda. Ed, Scott Daley, Michael Chen, and I walked over to the Lincoln Plaza North (LPN) building’s cafeteria. I already had my drink back at my desk, but went for the walk and talk with coworkers.

For lunch Ed, Michael, and I went to a local mom-and-pop Asian restaurant Yummy Choice: a casual restaurant featuring Asian dishes including Banh Mi, Chow Mein, and Teriyaki Chicken. Ed got their Beef Stew, Michael had their Banh Mi, and I got their Fish and Chips. Ed really liked his Beef Stew - it came with a Vietnamese baguette (same bread they use for their Banh Mi). If given the opportunity I’m sure he would order, and finish, another bowl.

After lunch, just as we were about to walk into our building (Lincoln Plaza West - LPW) we saw and chatted with Ofelia Bogdan. We caught up with our Thanksgiving holiday weekend, talked about yesterday’s 2025 Q3 EOQ Ceremony, the awkward bump in with Shawna Fong and Ken Ballew, and ended our extended lunch talk about travel plans to Japan.

Nearly 45 minute IT Program Governance Meeting at 2:30 PM topped off the work day. I am now looking into organizing, sorting, and preparing the Technology Business Management (TBM) Workload Allocation System (WAS) - Cost Effective Management (CEM) survey data.

I’ve stopped effort applying for the Job Posting JC-499800: ServiceNow Development & Support Working Supervisor - Information Technology Supervisor II (IT Sup 2) with CalPERS. I don’t feel like I have the past working experience to be considered as candidate for interview.
